[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
let's do another one.
Let's think of an appropriate event.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, clearly this is
a contrived example.
Like, I would never
really dance in public.
So here this is just an event, a method.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So
you have dance as the method name?
>> Speaker 2: That's okay to do?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: No
that's not okay to do.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Thank you for
saving my life.
>> Speaker 2: You're welcome.
What did I do?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's what I do for
a living.
I save people's lives.
Okay, so now into our components.
I almost feel like I'm at a concert and
at this
point we're at the hit song and everyone
could just jump in and sing with me.
That it's almost.
It's almost feel like we're going through
like a top 40 songs from like the 80s and
just everybody knows the lyrics.
So I want to
dance
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah,
that would be more appropriate.
Dance Me.
Okay, and I'm going
to go @Output() dancer.
So creating a new EventEmitter and
what I'm gonna do
here
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Instead of doing this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You can also
omit this event right from the HTML.
So you would want to do it like this if
you actually needed to perform some logic
before actually emitting that event.
For instance, saying this thing happened
but I don't want to actually do it or
I need to do some small transformation
before I send it out the door.
You can do it that way, or if it is really
similar just pass through sometimes
I will just bypass this entirely to where
I have a component that just inputs and
outputs and
there is nothing else in the class.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did I break something?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Hold on.
Dancer output.
>> Speaker 2: So
in that one isn't it called dancing or
something like that?
Does it have to be the same?
>> Scott Moss: You don't have
a component with that element.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's right.
>> Scott Moss: Also,
if the property-level decorators.
It just looks weird to anybody for
the inputs and outputs.
You can also use,
you can also define your inputs and
outputs on the component decorator, too.
So right where you put your selector and
your template, you can put input and
output and they both take a raise,
which strings the inputs and
outputs that you want.
That's an alternative syntax.
But I believe the property decorators,
are the preferred sentence.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
that's why it did not work.
It's because I forgot to go back to my
parent component and wire this out.
So now, when dancer fires,
it's going to fire this event here and
we're going to set this.
Now what I also need to do,
I did like half a demo here,
I thought it was ready to go.
Possibly the emit method on the event
emitter is deprecated now.
>> Scott Moss: And
then use text so [INAUDIBLE].
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did that
just happen like three days ago?
>> Scott Moss: It was recent, yeah.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: My.
>> Scott Moss: Text style.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's only appropriate.
And there we go.
So any questions on events?
You just omit it from the child component,
pick it up,
put put it in the parent component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Are we good on chats?
>> Speaker 4: Did you cover,
can you omit an object or an array?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You can omit anything.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So for example,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just see this here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: [SOUND]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we have an items list, and,
this is in our sample app.
So when something is selected,
select item.
And then in the handler,
it's actually getting the item object.
And, so it can be a, you know,
pretty much any value.
Whatever you pass up that's what
your dollar event is going to be.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Next question?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Are we good?
>> Speaker 4: I don't know if
you want to cover this later or not but
they're kind of curious on a discussion
when Angular 2 makes sense versus
React from a technology standpoint,
but maybe you wanna cover
that towards the end.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That might be,
so I will answer this.
This is a much large discussion
than I think the 30 seconds
that I'm going to give it.
I think React is an excellent,
excellent framework.
I think a lot of how they
approach state management and
even component driven design has really
affected how Angular 2 comes together.
Six months ago, I would've probably
said if you're doing something totally
greenfield and
that Reactor's a really strong contender.
Now that we are in beta and
going very quickly to basically
a 1.0 release for Angular 2,
it gets a little bit more nuanced.
I think that according to
Brad Green Angular 2 is really ready for
production other than they're making a few
additional changes to what is available,
to the API, and
working on optimizing the payload.
With that said, for me one of the reasons
why I like Angular 2 so much, and
I would generally at this point
choose Angular 2 over React
is because of the true reactive
mechanisms baked into the framework,
which you will see tomorrow.
I think that's really,
really core, or it's just key for
building out like large scale applications
that when you have observables baked
into it that you can take the kind of
reactive patterns, especially reducts.
And applied into Angular, now you
can have, you have this parody, but
then you add in the new change detection,
which for
a lot of benchmarks,
as fast if not faster than React.
And with the, kind of reactive thing,
being the big one,
baked into http, and forms,
that to me is just huge.
It's really a toss-up, I would have
to know more to say yes or no.
Which one to choose.
I think they're both great frameworks, but
one because I already understand Angular.
That's probably where I'm going to stay.
But really I think it comes down to
personal preference and I happen to really
like reactive things, like truly
reactive things, such as observables.
Scott, if you would like to give
a two minute answer to that,
I think this is interesting and
a valuable side discussion.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
So I use React all the time using it for
over a year now and Angular.
I would say the reason I would
choose Angular 2 right now would be
I think of react as more of
a library than a framework actually.
It's really just a view library and
you still have to be diligent and
resourceful and figure out
the other pieces as far as like,
what are you gonna use for
your Http client.
State management.
All these other things
you have to figure out.
Some people still use courier with X.
There's just a lot of things
you have to add to it.
Which is fine if you're resourceful and
you're on the bleeding edge of JavaScript,
but for
most people especially in companies
they don't really want to do that.
They want to the complete solution.
So Angular1 was a complete solution but it
turns out it just wasn't as effective and
complete and react showed it's weaknesses.
So Angular 2 keeps that same approach
where we're going to be that same complete
package we were in Angular 1.
But now we're coming back, we're using
standard technologies like Templates,
Shadow Dom, we're gonna be building
with type scripts so tooling and
documentation is better.
And we're also gonna improve and
learn what React did and
apply some of the methodologies and
some of the stuff that people are doing
with unidirectional data flow and
what not.
So they kept the same stuff,
they learned from React.
And they cooperated with them,
they did that stuff and
it still the complete piece of.
If you just want to start building
what I happened to download and
research a thousand different libraries
then I would choose Angular 2.